add prometheus/grafana, change from osu_latency to osu_bibw (#325)
aws-samples/aws-hpc-tutorials: content/09-hpc-kubernetes/04-setup-monitoring.md

tags = ["tutorial", "hpc", "Kubernetes"]
+++

In this section, you will lean how to monitor your cluster as well as monitor the pods running on it.

> There are several ways to set up monitoring. Here we will provide a few options. It is not required to deploy each one, however it is recommended to select at least one option for the lab, so you may see the change in resource utilization while your job is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to set up monitoring. Here you will be provided a few options. It is not required to deploy each one, however it is recommended to select at least one option for the lab, so you may see the change in resource utilization while your job is running.
```

> There are several ways to set up monitoring. Here we will provide a few options. It is not required to deploy each one, however it is recommended to select at least one option for the lab, so you may see the change in resource utilization while your job is running.

Reviewer: Don't let the audience pick which one they need to use. Drive them toward the solution(s)

> ## 1. Monitor using kubectl

Reviewer: Keep 4 ### to be consistent with the rest of content.
